= twitter2github

Extract twitter follower and search same account in github

== Requirements

* Ruby ( tested with CRuby 1.8.7 and 1.9.2 )

== Not required

* Twitter authentication
* github authentication

== How to use

 $ git clone git://github.com/wtnabe/twitter2github.git
 $ cd twitter2github
 $ bundle install
 $ bundle exec ./bin/twitter2github -u TWITTER_USER > TWITTER_USER.csv

If user's follower is over severeal hundred, it will take long long time.

== Attention

* Twitter API req is limited 150/hour
* github API req is limited 5000/hour

This tool tries to convert from twitter user id to screen_name by 100 users at once, and search github by 1 user at once. So if the number of user's followers is over 5000, script CANNOT complete its mission.

== Contributing to twitter2github
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 wtnabe. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

